<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="importing_dashboards" xml:lang="en-us">
    <title>Importing dashboards created in RMF Performance Monitoring</title>
    <titlealts>
        <navtitle>Importing Performance Monitoring dashboards</navtitle>
    </titlealts>
    <shortdesc>You can import dashboards exported from RMF Performance Monitoring
            (<filepath>.po</filepath> files) into the <ph
            conref="conref.dita#conref/plugin_name"/> plugin. The import process automatically
        creates the associated data sources and converts the dashboards to Grafana format.</shortdesc>
    <taskbody>
        <prereq id="prereq_oxf_ywq_pyb">
            <p>You must have completed the following tasks:<ul id="ul_frm_gw3_ryb">
                    <li conref="conref.dita#conref/li_qbm_nw3_ryb"/>
                    <li>Exported a dashboard from RMF Performance Monitoring in
                            <filepath>.po</filepath> format.</li>
                </ul></p>
        </prereq>
        <context id="context_pm_import">
            <p>When you import a <filepath>.po</filepath> file, the plugin performs the following
                actions:</p>
            <ul id="ul_pm_import_actions">
                <li>Parses the data source definitions from the file and creates the corresponding
                    IBM RMF data sources in Grafana if they do not already exist.</li>
                <li>Converts the Performance Monitoring dashboard panels into Grafana bar chart
                    panels with appropriate queries and transformations.</li>
                <li>Installs the converted dashboard into the <uicontrol>IBM RMF
                        (PM)</uicontrol> folder.</li>
            </ul>
        </context>
        <steps>
            <step>
                <cmd>Go to <menucascade>
                        <uicontrol>Apps</uicontrol>
                        <uicontrol>IBM RMF</uicontrol>
                    </menucascade> and navigate to the <wintitle>Import Dashboards from RMF
                        Performance Monitoring</wintitle> section.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Verify the <uicontrol>Destination folder</uicontrol> path displayed under the
                    section heading.</cmd>
                <info>
                    <p>The imported dashboards are placed in the <uicontrol>IBM RMF
                            (PM)</uicontrol> folder.</p>
                </info>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Drag and drop a <filepath>.po</filepath> dashboard file onto the drop zone, or
                    click the drop zone to browse for the file manually.</cmd>
                <info>
                    <p>Only files with the <filepath>.po</filepath> extension are accepted. You can
                        import one file at a time.</p>
                </info>
                <stepresult>The plugin automatically creates any required data sources and imports
                    the dashboard into the destination folder. A success notification confirms the
                    import with the dashboard name.</stepresult>
            </step>
            <step importance="optional">
                <cmd>Click <uicontrol>Go to PM Dashboards</uicontrol> to navigate to the
                    destination folder and review the imported dashboards.</cmd>
                <info>
                    <p>This button is available only after at least one dashboard has been
                        imported.</p>
                </info>
            </step>
            <step importance="optional">
                <cmd>To remove all imported dashboards, click
                    <uicontrol>Delete</uicontrol>.</cmd>
                <info>
                    <p>This removes the <uicontrol>IBM RMF (PM)</uicontrol> folder and all
                        dashboards within it. The data sources created during import are not
                        removed.</p>
                </info>
            </step>
        </steps>
        <result id="result_wwb_kfs_33c">
            <p>The dashboard exported from RMF Performance Monitoring is successfully imported into
                the <ph conref="conref.dita#conref/plugin_name"/> plugin and is available in the
                    <uicontrol>IBM RMF (PM)</uicontrol> folder.</p>
            <note id="note_kmy_bfs_33c" type="important">Data sources defined in RMF Performance
                Monitoring dashboards are imported without credentials. After import, update each
                data source with valid credentials if the corresponding <ph
                    conref="conref.dita#conref/dds_short"/> requires
                authentication.</note>
        </result>
    </taskbody>
</task>
