<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="prometheus_sample_db" xml:lang="en-us">
    <title>Prometheus sample dashboards</title>
    <shortdesc>The RMF <ph conref="conref.dita#conref/dds_full"/> exposes Monitor III data to
        third-party tools using the OpenMetrics exposition format.</shortdesc>
    <taskbody>
        <prereq id="prereq_mvk_kpx_xjc">
            <p>You must apply <xref href="https://www.ibm.com/support/pages/apar/OA67701"
                    format="html" scope="external">OA67701</xref> to use the Prometheus sample
                dashboards.</p>
        </prereq>
        <context>
            <p>The Prometheus sample dashboards are included in the <keyword
                    conref="conref.dita#conref/plugin_name_short"/> plugin.<note
                    id="note_dgh_3k5_23c">You can use the sample dashboards provided with
                    Prometheus-compatible platforms such as Grafana Mimir and
                    VictoriaMetrics.</note></p>
        </context>
        <steps>
            <step>
                <cmd>Install and deploy the <keyword conref="conref.dita#conref/plugin_name_short"/>
                    plugin. See <xref href="install_grafana_plugin.dita">Installing the RMF for z/OS
                        plugin on Grafana</xref>.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Configure Prometheus to scrape the metrics exposed by RMF Distributed Data
                    Server. For more information, refer to the <xref
                        href="https://prometheus.io/docs/prometheus/latest/configuration/configuration/#scrape_config"
                        format="html" scope="external">Prometheus</xref> documentation.</cmd>
                <info>Some of the scrape target definition examples for Prometheus are as
                        follows:<ul id="ul_ojv_4qx_xjc">
                        <li>
                            <p>To scrape all the configured metrics as defined in DDS
                                GPMOMC:<codeblock id="codeblock_byw_sq2_ggc">- job_name: "m3@plex00"
 scrape_interval: 100s # Should be equal to the Monitor III mintime
 scrape_timeout: 50s
 metrics_path: /metrics/m3
 static_configs:
 - targets: [ "ddshostname:8803" ]</codeblock></p>
                        </li>
                        <li>
                            <p>To scrape all the CPC and LPAR related metrics as defined in DDS
                                GPMOMC:<codeblock id="codeblock_nf1_cr2_ggc">- job_name: "m3@plex00"
    scrape_interval: 100s  # Should be equal to the Monitor III mintime
    scrape_timeout: 50s
    metrics_path: /metrics/m3
    params:
        groups: cpcs,lpars   
    static_configs:
      - targets: [ "ddshostname:8803" ]
</codeblock></p>
                        </li>
                    </ul></info>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Create a Prometheus data source in Grafana pointing to the Prometheus server.
                    For more information, refer to the <xref
                        href="https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/latest/datasources/prometheus/"
                        format="html" scope="external">Grafana</xref> documentation.</cmd>
            </step>
        </steps>
    </taskbody>
</task>
